docs(block): rework documentation (#3223)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/block/api-cli/managing-a-volume.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Managing a Block Storage volume

>   description: Learn how to mount and use a Block Storage volume with our step-by-step guide. Verify device availability, format and mount your volume, transfer data to a remote Block volume, and increase your volume's partition size. Perfect for beginners and advanced users looking to efficiently manage their storage solutions.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: Master Block Storage with our comprehensive guide. Learn to format, mount, transfer data, and expand partitions efficiently. Perfect for all skill levels.
```

>   description: Learn how to mount and use a Block Storage volume with our step-by-step guide. Verify device availability, format the block volume, create and mount a mount point, use fstab for persistent mounting, transfer data from your local machine to a remote Block volume, and increase your volume's partition size with growpart. Perfect for beginners and advanced users looking to efficiently manage their storage solutions.

Reviewer: a bit long?

>   description: Learn how to mount and use a Block Storage volume with our step-by-step guide. Verify device availability, format the block volume, create and mount a mount point, use fstab for persistent mounting, transfer data from your local machine to a remote Block volume, and increase your volume's partition size with growpart. Perfect for beginners and advanced users looking to efficiently manage their storage solutions.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: Learn how to mount and use a Block Storage volume with our step-by-step guide. Verify device availability, format and mount your volume, transfer data to a remote Block volume, and increase your volume's partition size. Perfect for beginners and advanced users looking to efficiently manage their storage solutions.
```
